Hey, where did the chop suey come from?
I miss Xiuxiumei and come to me.
You don't care if you deserve to die
How dare you hit me?
Do you know who my brother is?
Rong, you are crazy, you dare to take a second look
His brother is His Royal Highness
The emperor stands at attention
I don't know any underground emperor
I just know that no one did it today
heart
Well, since you're courting death, it's up to me
Brother Wai, I've been beaten, come here quickly
Wait for my brother to come
you
And you all shape the fucking human body
It's over. It's over.
This is really going to be a big deal
Shen Rong, stop pretending
Quickly kneel down and kowtow to Lil and apologize
You bastard are courting death
Don't implicate us
What should the master do?
Don't worry.
This group of ants
Can't even stop how much
Let me see who is so bold
Hit my brother
Not as good as my brother
For this great sin
He hit me!
Boy, you are brave enough
Those who dare to hit my brother and insult me are ants
I have been working hard in the middle and lower levels for so many years
I have never seen such arrogance
See you today
On his deathbed, Brother Ying had to beat him to death